Aside from the corruption that we saw
with the media through politics or
COVID, you know, it's also important to
point out that media outlets often get
paid every month by pharmaceutical
companies, yet they don't run any ads.
So, what are those payments for? Think
about that. [music]
>> [music]
>> Hi, my name is John Jish. I'm a doctor
of biomedical engineering which gives me
a unique perspective beyond what you see
mostly from the sports performance guys
here on YouTube and other places on
social media. Today I want to give you
well probably yet another reason why you
shouldn't trust the media. But I've got
some interesting examples here. So, a
few years ago, friend of mine named Tony
Hughes, he goes by the name online Dr.
Tony Huge, he uh sort of doesn't
advocate
he ad so he he promotes content which
teaches people how to use anabolic drugs
in the safest way possible. Now, kind of
an oxymoron because a lot of them aren't
that safe. But in in the context of what
he's talking about, it's certainly less
reckless than what we have seen from
other other people who online talk about
their anabolic drug use or whatever. But
great guy, knows a whole lot about
training. He's an X3 user. Uh, and we've
been friends for years. So, one day, he
now lives in Thailand, but uh he used to
live not that far away from from me. So,
he was having a party and he told me,
"Hey, I invited a crew from National
Geographic over to this party and they
want to interview you." And I was like,
"Yeah, great. That's that sounds." So,
they're going to interview him for a
couple things. He wanted the party to be
captured because it was sort of about
the steroid culture that was uh
I guess being discussed at the time. He
invites me over. They film me pulling in
with my Lamborghini and get out of the
car. All right, shake Tony's hand, say
hi to everybody, and then I go and I
give the interview and I talk about how
while anabolic medications can help a
lot of people uh under the guidance of a
physician, that that's really the only
place that I believe that these
chemicals should be. I don't think it's
a great idea when people just decide to
be their own their own experimental
cowboy and just take advice from guys
who have their pharmaceuticals made in a
bathtub in some dude's garage. So, uh
not not in favor of that. I So, the
interview I gave to National Geographic
was about exactly what I just said. You
want to avoid the sort of unregulated
use of testosterone and you want to if
you need it then you go see a physician.
If you don't need it then you don't want
to mess with it because you could screw
up your own natural production. Of
course now we know about fast acting
testosterone which is a different
subject. But this was 5 years ago. So I
nobody knew about that then or was
talking about it back then. So it's
funny. I gave this interview and I
thought, "Wow, you know, I really did
something great." But the way National
Geographic edited this, it really made
me look like
I think what they said was this party
was for all like the steroid dealers in
the area and it shows me pulling up in
my Lamborghini. So, completely framed me
like I'm the sort of uh the cartel boss
or something like that, which I just
found incredibly irritating. And what
you need to keep in mind and why I told
you this story is that aside from the
corruption that we saw with the media
through politics or COVID
uh you know it's also important to point
out that media outlets often get paid
every month by pharmaceutical companies
yet they don't run any ads. So what are
those payments for? Think about that.
These people aren't there to be honest.
They're there to sell advertising space.
So if
like this National Geographic
documentary for example, they put this
out there and it shows a bunch of
level-headed people giving level-headed
advice. That's not very exciting. That
doesn't show steroid culture as being
something very interesting. Really just
means that we're trying to take an
academic approach, which is not not the
narrative they want to sell. So instead,
they cut it, made me look like a
villain, made everybody at the party
look like a villain. And it's it's a
bummer. But this is what you get with
media. And it's just important to keep
that in mind when somebody's like, "Oh,
well, you know, the government would
never lie about USID,
right? We we give aid to other
countries. We feed starving people."
Well, it's interesting how when USID
payments stopped, where are all the
starving people? Looks like we weren't
feeding anybody. Looks like that whole
thing was BS. So, things to keep in
mind. Hope it helped. Give me a comment
and let me know what you think. [music]
And see you on the next one. If this
video helped you, I want you to
subscribe and follow. I'm going to put
out videos on a regular basis. I think
they're going to help a whole lot of
people, especially if you're one of
those people that doesn't just instantly
grow from lifting regular weights. We've
got the answer for you. [music]